Hey Team, yesterday we had a good productive meeting in our first all hands on deck! 

Thank you @Katy Fuentes for preparing the project proposal - it looks insightful and think it will be approved. It has been posted in our github repository in the "docs" folder within "Airbnb-v1" for version 1 of our soon to be created dashboard. Going forward, I ask everyone to please post files within this folder into its corresponding subfolders. 

Thank you @Nicole Pipkins for helping to explore and identify the API with pertinent endpoints and attributes needed. Today, I will continue to retrieve daily data using Python code to make requests from the endpoints we agreed on via rapidApi/Mashvisor and will post the results within the "data" folder as JSON files so that we could further import these into our JavaScript for dashboard development.  

Thank you @Radhika Balasubramaniam for exploring the animated JS to use - this is a good idea and it would be great if you could further dive into the one chosen and provide us with a sample layout and perhaps a documentation for it.

We also talked about dividing the task and at this point we should discuss what everyone is interested in completing next and what is needed to help contribute.

Here are some the items that needs to be considered after our data exploring and gathering completes: 

1. Design an ER diagram including PK-FK, and attributes and type to use in database creation

2. Creation of a Postgres database using pgAdmin

3. Prior to database load, other variables to extract and perhaps calculate that we could use in our visualizations  

4. Import data collected to database to further calculare statistical analysis by Joining tables needed for our 
visualizations

5. Identify the scope and look of our visualizations and agree on a final layout design (we are required to completed 3)

		Here are some suggestions gathered from our discussions:

		a. An interactive heatmap (similar to our most recent HW assignment using Leaflet.js with user selected layer controls). We can concentre on the particular cities we determined to be part of "Top Airbnb cities" retrieved via API requests. 

			Ex. For on point the coloring scheme, bubble size could be based on particular listing Airbnb attibutes we provided in our project proposal such as (Cleaning Cost, Star Rating, Room Type, etc).

			Ex. The Animate JS could be used here to show the map in motion

		b. Chart showing a trend analysis such a scatter plot with a slope for a trendline based on an attribute change over time (perhaps using historical dataset via CSV). Since our database is relational, we can create our PK to point to the Host ID/Airbnb ID to the FK ID from the CSV file if it exists, OR relate by using the Neighborhood dataset for fields such as the Area name, County name, or within a certain radial proximity of LAT and LON.

		c. A panel showing specific user selected information such as Census demographics based on a particula Airbnb listing or an aggregate summary of several listins. (similar to our previous bioDiversity HW assignment in that the user selected a subject and all visualizations on the dashboard updated accordingly)

			Ex. Demographics panel, Bar chart showing value for a particular attribute such as Rental price for a particular room type like the provided sample included in the proposal, and also a Gauge chart such as the washing frequency we had completed.

			Ex. Chris suggested also adding a button to update data if user selected

6. Setup a timeline for the next 2 weeks for each phase of the rollout. Presentation and live demo will be on Saturday, December 12 and project deadline submitted no later than by the following Tuesday, December 15.

7. Cover any other aspects of the project that hasn't been mentioned above. 

Thank you!
    
